{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Lato Extended{\*\falt Lato};}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red39\green53\blue64;\red200\green16\blue46;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\alang255 \ltrch\lang255\langfe255\loch\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0\dbch\langfe255 Hyperlink;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af6 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.1.4.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/a529a4fab45b75fefc5b6226684193eb000654f6}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2026\mo1\dy6\hr8\min16}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\loch
2025-Fall}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
Original Location: }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://julian-333.w3spaces.com/ExtraCredit/ExtraCredit.html" }{\fldrslt {\hich\af5\loch\rtlch\alang255 \ltrch\lang255\langfe255\loch\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0\dbch\langfe255\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
https://julian-333.w3spaces.com/ExtraCredit/ExtraCredit.html}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af9\langfe2052\loch\ql\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
\line Change the review button to a \u8220\'93submit\u8221\'94 button that pops up the modal screen with the actual submit button; & implemented an API. Originally did the reCAPTCHA option but I couldn\u8217\'92t get my domain to connect properly. So, I did the zip code option instead. For this feature, it won\u8217\'92t let you type in a city or state, it is filled in automatically once you type your zip code. Additional implementations:}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
1. Form elements: Customized radio buttons to display circular selectors for patient gender and for vaccination information. On hover, the buttons grow slightly and change from white to green to give a cleaner user experience. When selected, they fill in with the same green color outline. This implementation was performed via CSS transition exclusively. I believe it was visually appealing and looks more 'attractive' to the user than simple buttons.\~}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
2. Toggle switches: Replaced the standard checkboxes for toggle switches for patient\u8217\'92s history as well as for the \u8220\'93Not X? Click here to restart\u8221\'94 feature. Each switch fades from gray to green when selected. Given they take up more space when laid out in a line, I stacked the ailments on top of each other in my HTML file to give it a cleaner look. Feature added for cleaner/funner user experience.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
3. Caps lock indicator: Implemented caps lock detection on both password fields to display a prominent orange warning message when caps are enabled. The warning message appears with a blinking animation to draw user attention and hint to the user if they may or may not want to use capitalized letters. Makes it easier for the user to know if caps are on or not.\~}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
4. Form completion progress bar: I placed a tracker on the left side of the screen (adjacent to the iFrame) to monitor all required fields in real time. It depicts both a visual percentage bar and a text counter indicative of how many items have been completed, and how many are still pending. I left it set in place so the user is always aware of what fields may be missing as they progress through all the fields.\~}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
5. Scroll indicator: Implemented a green gradient bar at the top of the intake form that tracks users\u8217\'92 location on screen. As the user works through the page, the bar fills in from left to right, depicting immediate visual feedback regarding how much \u8216\'91page\u8217\'92 is left. The bar uses smooth transitions, and is fixed to stay in place and visible at all times. Will assist users once The JR Medical Group takes off and is publishing lengthy and confusing pages, hopefully.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
6. Animation showing when there are issues: Implemented an error-shake animation to really steal the users attention and make it known they have messed up a section along the way. When the user enters incorrect data, or forgets to input data altogether, the field ferociously shakes to notify of errors. Implemented using CSS keyframes, and JavaScript classList manipulation.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar{\hich\af5\loch\scaps0\caps0\cf17\fs24\expnd0\expndtw0\i0\b0\f5\loch
7. Collapsable menu/help info: Added collapsable help sections at the top of the page to give the user some HIPPA information as well as form information prior to beginning the form. I believe HIPPA information is important prior to beginning a form to give the patient some peace of mind regarding their personal information. These features improve user experience by providing necessary information without overcrowding the main form.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\ql\widctlpar\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\sb180\sa180\ltrpar\loch
{\shp{\*\shpinst\shpwr3\shpbypara\shpbyignore\shptop0\shpbottom7580\shpbxcolumn\shpbxignore\shpleft0\shpright23\shpz0{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 202}}{\sp{\sn dxWrapDistLeft}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dxWrapDistRight}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dyWrapDistTop}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dyWrapDistBottom}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn posrelv}{\sv 2}}{\sp{\sn posv}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn posrelh}{\sv 2}}{\sp{\sn posh}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn dxTextLeft}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dyTextTop}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dxTextRight}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn dyTextBottom}{\sv 0}}{\shptxt\s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140{\loch
Links to an external site.}
\par \pard}}}

\par }